there was a 27 year old virgin bachelor
named Colton who treasured his virginity
so much he waited to go on national
television to lose it he is here tonight
with his maiden fair please welcome
Colton Underwood and Cassie Randolph
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm gonna get out of here how you guys
doing what's going on how do you feel
you're in public together that's nice
I'm looking at Alton now because you
don't have to tell us if you're a virgin
because I can I can tell just by looking
at you I can say yeah I can see that
something has happened to you that
you've blocked Cassie
no I'm very happy that you're here
because my wife picked you oh she picked
you before Colton picked you what mother
told Nate he knew that Cassie was the
one I think you know in Singapore I
realized how incredible and how special
she was
and what week was that as far as the
show goes
it's like week four fight week four I
was in a unique situation where I had
thought the chance to exhaust all
options so I don't an open mind for as
long as I could
convince yourself that I will give
everyone a chance and I will you know
and then I'll make my decision
rationally as if any of this is rational
at all yeah you you like think that you
have an idea what's gonna happen but
nobody's meant to date 30 people at this
age yeah nobody is meant to date their
well it may be like yeah like I don't
know like prop surfer Charlie Sheen or
whatever it works but so okay so you
guys are are you can I should I say your
girlfriend a boyfriend or what is are
you lover would you consider yourself to
be lovers future wife
is that is that a revelation that you're
sharing with this we're just yeah we're
like confidently boyfriend girl I see in
the middle ground between boyfriend and
growth all between husband and wife well
fiance would be the middle ground okay
you're you're in the pre engagement
period as they call it yes yes okay all
right very good
all right I'm just looking at you to see
if I can detect any signs of when that
psychic said you guys were a brother and
sister in a previous life yeah you do
kind of look alike a little bit now that
I'm making out like you really have the
same eyes like he could swap eyes and
nobody would have any idea so what
happened in the fantasy suite there was
um yeah I mean that to me it seemed like
something happened let me put it to you
this way was it more or less than
happened to Robert Kraft at that massage
parlor what to be honest heading into
that fantasy suite how allegedly I
should say I wasn't even thinking about
that I was just more ready to fight for
our relationship oh you were who were
you gonna fight I just I do want to
compliment both of you because I think
you are the only couple in the history
of this show that handled this like
human beings because it is preposterous
to get engaged at the end of this period
it doesn't make any sense
you're it's a recipe for disaster or
really is and then well your dad came in
and boy I wish my daughter listen to me
the way you listen to your father he
how's he feeling about this relationship
right now um good he loves Colton he
does we posed together yeah yeah
which once it's been some hard ones but
yeah just the two of you were the three
of you the whole family Oh family
gathers around to watch you make out
with these strange women
[Laughter]
you see each other
my us yeah the two of you we've seen
each other every week since filming yeah
we seem sure they're alive only once a
week
why only once a week I mean sometimes
more than that yeah okay we I would I
would probably say we probably been with
each other more than any other couple
probably just because I see and now you
can go anywhere you want where do you
want it like what do you want to do now
that you're you're out you want to just
like go to the grocery store bike rides
walks on the beach you know your typical
typical romantic new relationship kind
of stuff normal thing very interesting
when you when they were well let's look
at this clip because I want to ask you a
couple questions about this here we go I
feel very good waking up last night with
Cassie was absolutely incredible and I
feel like a new man
we had an amazing night we did what was
best for our relationship and we grew as
a couple we had a great time last night
a hell of a poker face you have this is
it because they've been showing you
showering like every week what are you
wearing when there's when you're being
filmed showering all the time um do you
really want to know yes I really want to
know oh um a bathing suit when I roll it
up yeah a little weird yeah I can
imagine everybody put something on it
would be very strange if the bachelor
was naked yeah I yeah I think I've made
the right call
without Cassie I think your sister maybe
could be the next Bachelorette
my wife is for that uh she's taken right
now get rid of it yeah please let her
know yeah
do you regret at all telling the
producers you were a virgin in the first
place this has become such a big deal
yeah I actually I never thought I'd
become this big of a dealer story I knew
I knew right away it was going to be
well maybe if I would have talked to you
I don't know you know I'm confident all
the decisions I made it's led me here
it's led me to her so I'm so happy and
so in love right now
if you feel like you guys kind of got
cheated a little bit because of the way
you went about this because they love to
have you get engaged on television yeah
and you get in part of the deals you get
the ring from the Elaine so this
afternoon I was like this kind of sucks
they don't get the ring from me Elaine
so we called me Elaine and so here he
sent the ring yeah so that's so you
don't have to I'm not asking you to do
anything unless you want to get close to
me not only hold on to it but it you
it's really it's as no joke that's a
real in fact take a peek at it Colton
yeah so that is a really yeah for real
yeah you go you talked about not getting
the ring or you've talked about talked
about getting in game oh you've already
talked about the ring huh wow you guys
really do and really fast at once yeah
yeah but if you don't want that one you
can pick out a different one it doesn't
have to be that ring but you know or you
know go to a pawn shop and get loaded I
don't know whatever you guys want to do
so yeah Neil Lane you know I'd like to
take credit for it's really not mine
I wonder what's going on I want to know
the whole thing did you call your
parents and go like hey guess what yeah
well actually my mom called me after you
had Daniel Radcliffe on your show and
Ocarina Radcliffe yeah so he's a viewer
a very potter was talking about my love
life and sex life so honestly that was
like the highlight well no ambu your
innocence and Harry Potter's in the
sense it's really well thank you guys
for being here it does seem like you see
my gap chemistry I mean you know what I
got to tell you something there was
somebody got engaged on the voice last
night so we need this to happen that's
not even a dating show we got to take
back our crown you know what I'm saying
if you get engaged will you come back
here and get engaged on the show on the
show yeah think about it yes and we'll
get you showering again well do the
whole thing Oh congratulations young
lovers that's a Colton and Cassie I am
Jimmy Kimmel and this is the Internet I
made it myself
hit subscribe if you like it